 Delivering high quality products with quality services
We offer premium quality and cost-effective products that reward clients’ requests.
Global brand in Agricultural value chain
Goods and services are at affordable price
Respect for culture and differences
We sell high-quality natural and organic commodities
Dried Hibiscus Whole Flower
is used differently in many countries for tea, medicinal purposes, animal fodder, etc. Due to its diverse use, the dried hibiscus flower, known in Nigeria as Zobo.
is widely naturalized in tropical regions around the world and is cultivated for its edible seeds, which grow in pods. World production in 2018 was 6 million metric.
it’s seed yields derivative that can be used in many applications including lubricants, waterproofing, paints, and, starting in World War II, arms production.
is a flowering plant whose rhizome, ginger root or ginger, is widely used as a spice and a folk medicine. It is a herbaceous perennial that grows annual pseudostemsl
is a legume crop grown mainly for its edible seeds. It is widely grown in the tropics and subtropics, important to both small and large commercial producers.
is a species of plant in the sedge family widespread across much of the world. It is found in most of the Eastern Hemisphere, including Southern Europe, Africa etc.
is a fat extracted from the nut of the African shea tree. It is ivory in colour when raw and commonly dyed yellow with borututu root or palm oil.
Is a species of legume native to East Asia, widely grown for its edible bean, which has numerous uses. Traditional unfermented food uses of soybeans include soy milk.
Is a fruit of various citrus species in the fa-mily Rutaceae.It is primarily refers to Citrus × sinensis, which is also called sweet orange, distinguish it from the related Citrus × aura
It contains relatively high amounts of phytohemagglutinin, and thus are more toxic than most other bean varieties if not pre-soaked and subsequently heated.
Is a perennial legume from the family Fabaceae native to the Old World. The pigeon pea is widely cultivated in tropical and semitropical regions around the world.
Widely used due to its various biological properties including anticancer, antidia-betic, and anti-inflammatory effects. However, there has been no report of it.
Is a species of bulbous flowering plant in the genus Allium.Its close relatives include the onion, shallot, leek, chive, Welsh onion and Chinese onion.It is native to South Asia,
Widely cultivated for its young seed pods and leaves, used as vegetables and for traditional herbal medicine. It is also used for water purification.
is a flowering plant, Curcuma longa of the ginger family, Zingiberaceae, the rhizomes of which are used in cooking.The plant is a perennial, rhizomatous, herbaceous plant.
An innovative company that is well equipped to produce, process and supply healthy organic and natural agro products
Lanre Shittu House, 3rd Floor. Plot 1504 Cadzone BO6, Expressway, opposite Civil Service Club, Mabushi 900108, Abuja, Nigeria.
28 Kingshold Road, London, England, E97JF.
© 2023 Chuksprimeorganics. All rights reserved.
