 
What We Expect

List and Description of each API

Submit Your Final Project
The Omeife AI App is a revolutionary new AI-powered large language model that can generate text in a variety of styles and formats.
Company
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
+2349137160848
+2349131573923
+447441426012
info@uniccongroup.com
lossless@uniccongroup.com
sales@uniccongroup.com
Website Links
Home
Features
Pricing
About Us
Contact Us
Location
3rd Floor, Lanre Shittu House, Mabushi, Abuja. 900108
28 Kingshold Road, London, England, E97JF.
© 2023 Omeifeai. All rights reserved.
We invite you to unleash your creativity and technical skills in the Building with Omeife AI hackathon!
Home
Features
Pricing
About Us
Contact Us
Hackathon
Innovation
Functionality
Impact
Collaboration
Presentation
Translation system
Speech Synthesis
Speech Synthesis
3 Steps to complete Omeife AI Hackathon:
This is your opportunity to explore the power of Omeife’s cutting-edge AI APIs and bring your innovative ideas to life.
Count Down:3 Days : 0 HOURS : 6 MINUTES : 3 SECONDS
We’re looking for solutions that highlight the versatility of our APIs in domains such as language translation, speech synthesis, speech recognition and beyond. Whether your project is practical, artistic, or exploratory, we want to see how you push the boundaries of what’s possible with Omeife AI.
Projects that creatively leverage Omeife AI APIs to solve real-world problems or introduce novel solutions
 Functional prototypes or demos that showcase how Omeife AI APIs enhance your project.
Ideas that address significant challenges or provide unique value to users, industries, or communities.
Teams that effectively collaborate to combine technical expertise, design thinking, and creativity.
Clear, concise, and compelling demonstrations of your project, including how Omeife AI was utilized.
A text-to-text translation system that translates text from one language to another, including local dialects and pidgin. This can be a valuable tool for people who need to communicate with people who speak different languages such as Yoruba, Hausa, Igbo, and Pidgin.
Our Text-to-Speech (Speech Synthesis) API is designed to enhance your digital communication, making it easy to connect with English, Hausa, and Pidgin-speaking users.
A speech-to-text (STT) system supporting English and Hausa for transcription and recognition tasks.

